Hello and welcome
dear friends, my serious and this
are the daily news on sunday that
Last time we stay full gamescom
right on the topic gamescom because it
Still wonder where I come from
because to be on the gamescom and
I think I have the last one
two three four five weeks and over
said often enough but today again for
you guys I'm at ubisoft is
my accreditation so to speak I am
frank sirius key speaker an external
ubisoft staff and I'm at
ubisoft on the rainbow six looks up
to be exact of
tuesday there are no rows yet
wednesday press day if you are there
So should the trade visitor day
otherwise thursday friday saturday
sunday every day on the rails exceet
was at ubisoft and who is not yet 18
should be years old and not there
comes in because it is a game from 18
That is where I am currently considering if I am
that in the midday breaks makes us
Just say hey I stop
Somehow always at 2 o'clock in the afternoon or so
and then just meet us in front of the
stand or something like that I will
but then announce at the fair
because the current time a planning so
if I take a break now and was still
not only is Wednesday to Tuesday
stand firm when I am at the fair
then I will but in any case
every day on facebook and twitter
I hope that was enough
information where to find me on the
gamescom meets ubisoft rainbow six
was not forgotten
Windows 10 is here and I have it too
already installed on the asus notebook
and will be seen yesterday's video
has noticed that I showed
did you like the xbox were on that
Notebook or on the pc can stream
and what might that bring
it could actually be that way now
I have a lot of people that feature
of course in the reverse
direction so that you want from pc
then stream out to the xbox then
needed was still mouse and keyboard
support and it would be possible for example
that the xbox one is on the big tv
is in the living room of the pc
for example, in the study
and her just a game about steam
orange uplay and run in the
Living room on your xbox is gambling for it
would need a mouse and mouse
keyboard support da microsoft works
allegedly and phil spencer is it
It is said by microsoft has also said
he understands that the players get that
wish and it would be essential
harder because the pcs stop completely
easy
so many different
So specifications have these
encoding from the pc in the direction of xbox would be
much more elaborate but they would
consuming tasks would be so
it is indeed a possibility that it
in the future also in the other direction
it works a lot according to ea
Battlefield experience in the
third quarter of the fiscal year 2017
yes, it is about the financial year
always with companies from april to april
that's because you're the christmas business
then still in the current year with
wants to have it in and that's why it is
always very little bit funny
but that means nothing
Battlefield 5 was hereby added
officially confirmed by ea and
announced and that takes however
still a little bit until that
What else will she do ?
said that they are three new ones
bring original brands on the way
and that will be the beginning of 2016 then
so be sure what's coming up
we do not know yet but they have
So business numbers launched business
had meetings and so were stopped
these themes are three new games and
Battlefield 5 already released on
18 august it will already be ready
and the game zombie was in advance for
the veu has now been published for
the playstation for the xbox man and
the pc is available as a digital download
and the whole thing will be one too
reprint of a zombie game for
the wii be up in advance
this touchpad has been designed that
play very little bit modified
and Ubisoft says further that also
that's just the new consoles
generation easily adjusts something
means that the artwork probably
so he is even better
horror could have experience for star
wars battlefront was then too
a new game mode announced and
he calls himself blast that means
I believe as much as if I fought
not all that great and that's it
just a ten by ten multiplayer
the match with 100 kills
must reach or the game stops
depending on the ten minutes long
and who then leads the kills
is the winner
In my opinion, this is always the thing
team deathmatch is like that for me
boring mode sorry love
women about electronic arts but so
testmatch is really what i like
I do not need but I know exactly
as probably the publisher that the
a very popular one
Mode is he likes to play the match in
multiplayer matches techland has become
now to the upcoming lite dsi
following comments and they said
that following yourself will be just as great
will like all maps before in your sorry
The whole thing will be collected for the season
Pass should be free
when the part comes out, there are currently
not yet what that cost separately
you do not probably know there either
it only informos on the gamescom the
whole now there is an absolute rumor
probably nothing at all
homefront 2
Maybe you can do that
Remember that was such a mega disaster
with crytek the whole thing is still
crashed once and so and then it is
somehow absolutely silent about the title
homefront become at that time one had
At that time, as I found a lot
Good approach from one of the players
Perspective was out but then technical
and finally a bit like that
Mediocre built then is the whole
been given to crytek
you have where work of the new graphics
engine and that will be correct now
get cool atmosphere and then
crytek leyen a bit greasy
and then it is relatively quiet around that
thing has become and now has the user
shinobi 602 maybe that's you in
reminder of the dives often times to
neogaf forum twitter and so on and
always tweets so insider information where
you do not know exactly where they came from
and most of the time it's relatively green
relatively much content and he has now
Again he is looking forward to it
near future homefront to see again
that could be interpreted as that the
homefrontdesign 2 show at gamescom
I think but not the gears of
was ultimate edition will be on 25
August will be the end of the month
I'm really looking forward to it
am old xbox 360 player knows faith
I've everyone with gears of war was 1 2
mega had fun that scary
many multiplayer was played and so was
really great gaming experience
now the thing comes for the xbox
or other out and also have
knocked out a new trailer where she
just a little bit about it
How much do they talk graphically
have improved and so would the
English is a bit powerful
can take a look
you do not have any software
chains so my friends then is still
a lot of exciting things in youtube world
I think I have to think about that
that soon also times in the
daily news and very little bit with
just pack that I think I have one
or two made there could me happy
let your feedback to there if he
bock on it that maybe so
sometime in the week so somehow
other video from any other
youtuber mention it is there that knows what
I'll see what's up there
probably then rather things that
you might also be interested
you can give me some feedback
I can already leave it there
I'll announce today or yes
I'll probably become one today
follow from you ask to record there have
you ask a lot already on facebook
and twitter I still want that
I'll answer that then so over
roll out the gamescom week whether it is
wednesday gamescom daily news gives
I not yet say there would
I record the Tuesday evenings in the hotel
because I'm in the whole week
cologne on the way
maybe I'll do it for you
In any case, thanks for your support
I would be very happy if you were up
the gamescom is passing everyone
fall on you be some ubisoft stood by
meet and certainly sometimes
youtube now and then these are the guys
the sirius t-shirts print there i would be
but certainly to be found
as I said, just take note of it
Little facebook and twitter if you
I should be there then
keep telling i said how
always thanks for watching has yet
a nice sunday to the next
time and skin in